# Speed test
eval out0 true
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval yellowLamp true
eval yellowLamp false
eval greenLamp true
eval out0 false